# Standup Meeting 4

2023-10-16
Sprint 2

Meeting duration: 1 hour

## Attendees

All group members

## Notes

- Victoria is working on expenses and taking it over from Barb
- is working on integrating it into the app
- Front end is done
- delete needs to happen but shouldn't be too much work
  - just needs to add a button and then hook it up

- Mark working on CD workflow
- needed to get the secrets from github

- Need to add a feature, will likely need to add a user story to get full marks
- Don't need 5 users per feature, so we only have to make a subset of the user stories implemented

- Discussed the rubric

- Need to add the meeting notes to github wiki as well as have it in the repo

- "0.5 Meet at least two time and 0.25 for each. have a wiki page about meeting minutes and document the summary in corresponding github issues."
  - do we need to link issues to the meetings?
  - Reference github issues in the wiki

- When should dan work on the expenses PR?
  - Had to wait to work on it because of overlapping work in the PRs
  - Since Barbra and Victoria are working on separate things now they can work efficiently
